Update ticketing stubs (#84535)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/question_not_bug.md

Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It means a lot to us.

> This appears to be a user question, and we'd like to direct these topics to the Ansible Forum.

Reviewer: The user question is singular, so maybe
```suggestion
This appears to be a user question, and we'd like to direct this topic to the Ansible Forum.
```

* [Ansible Forum](https://forum.ansible.com)

See this page for a complete and up-to-date list of communication channels and their purposes:

* <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/communication.html>

Because this project is very active, we're unlikely to see comments made on closed tickets and we lock them after some time.
If you don't think this particular issue is resolved, you should still stop by there first, we'd appreciate it.
This allows us to keep the issue tracker for bugs, pull requests, RFEs and the like.

Thank you once again and we look forward to seeing you on the list or IRC.

> Thanks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you once again, and we look forward to seeing you on the Ansible Forum!
```

Thanks very much for your interest in Ansible.  It means a lot to us.

> This appears to be a user question, and we'd like to direct this topic to the Ansible Forum.

Reviewer 2: the plural here is to make it more inclusive and not single out 'this topic' but pointing at general policy
